Add page for new direct destination (#4831)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/partners/direct-destination.md

---
title: Building a Direct Destination
redirect_from: '/partners/build-webhook/'
---

Direct Destinations allow Segment Partners to ingest Segment Event Data using a just webhook. This guide explains how to set up your webhook with Segment.

## Getting Started

> Review the steps outlined in the [Developer Center Overview](/docs/partners). This document outlines specific details for Step four as it relates to building a Subscription Webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the steps outlined in the [Developer Center Overview](/docs/partners). This document outlines specific details for [requesting access to the Development Center](/docs/partners/#development-process) as it relates to building a Subscription Webhook.
```

Reviewer: @tcgilbert wanted to update "step four" to an actual description and add a link. Is "request access to the Development Center" an accurate description for this step?

Author: @rchinn-segment I just removed that section entirely as it is somewhat redundant. I'll be making some bigger changes to the partner docs soon so everything flows better across all pages, but for now we just need this page so the link in dev center is not 404'ing
